PROBLEM STATEMENT

The idols Ami and Mami like playing games.
Today they bought a new game.
At the beginning of the game a single slime appears on the screen.
You are given an int S: the size of the slime.

The game consists of K turns.
In each turn of the game the player must choose a single slime and cut it into two smaller parts.
More precisely, suppose that the player chose a slime of size z.
When cutting this slime, the player must choose two positive integers x and y such that x+y = z.
The player will then cut the slime into two smaller slimes.
The sizes of those smaller slimes will be x and y, respectively.
Note that the player must always choose a slime of size 2 or more, as it is not possible to cut a slime of size 1.

The player gets a reward for making each cut:
whenever you cut a slime of size x+y into slimes of sizes x and y, the player is awarded x*y mascots.

Ami and Mami have just started a new game.
You are given two ints S and M.
Calculate and return the smallest possible K (the number of turns in the game) such that Ami and Mami can get at least M mascots in the game.
If there exists no such K, return -1 instead.


DEFINITION
Class:SubdividedSlimes
Method:needCut
Parameters:int, int
Returns:int
Method signature:int needCut(int S, int M)


CONSTRAINTS
-S will be between 2 and 1000, inclusive.
-M will be between 1 and 10^9, inclusive.


EXAMPLES

0)
3
2

Returns: 1

There is a single slime of size 3, and the players have to get at least two mascots.
In this case, K = 1 is sufficient.
In the only step, cut the only slime into two slimes with sizes 1 and 2.
(This gives them 1*2 = 2 mascots.)

1)
3
3

Returns: 2

There is a single slime of size 3, and the players have to get at least three mascots.
They can get three mascots in two steps:
In the first step, cut the only slime into two slimes with sizes 1 and 2.
(This gives them 1*2 = 2 mascots.)
In the second step, choose the slime of size 2 and cut it into two slimes of size 1 each.
(This gives them 1*1 = 1 mascot.)
The total number of mascots they obtained is 2 + 1 = 3.

2)
3
4

Returns: -1

There is a single slime of size 3.
The players cannot get 4 mascots in any way.

3)
765
271828

Returns: 14


